feat: updating GA4 schema (#51)
govuk-one-login/mobile-ios-common: Sources/GDSAnalytics/README.md

| link domain | The web domain of the link that was pressed. | Lowercase. Limited to 100 characters. | `https://signin.build.account.gov.uk` |
| external | Indicates whether the link is to an external domain. | Lowercase. | `true` or `false` |

### Popup Alerts

This type of event should be logged when a call-to-action is displayed, usually this would be a `UIAlertController` but it may also be used for other modal inputs. Use the `PopupEvent` type for this.

```swift
let event = PopupEvent(textKey: "Change your permissions")
```

#### Expected Parameters:

| Parameter | Description | Expected Format | Example |
| ------------- |-------------| -----| --- |
| name | The name of the event that occured, for popups this is `popup`. | N/A | `popup` |
| type | The type of event that occured, for popups this is `call to action`. | N/A | `call to action` |
| text | The text that is displayed on the popup. | Lowercase. Limited to 100 characters. | `change your permissions` |

### Action Menu 

> This type of event fires when a custom systemAlert popup appears on a the screen, usually this would be a `UIAlertController` of the type `.actionSheet`. Use the `PopupEvent` type for this.

Reviewer: "on a the" might need a correction
Also, should a `PopupEvent` be used for this? 🙂

Author: Good catch, thanks!

Author: updated now!

```swift

> let event = ActionMenuEvent(textKey: "Change your permissions")

Reviewer 2: The example we're using here seems similar to the one above, please can we try and find a good example for each from our existing (or planned) journey ?

Reviewer 2: might even be worth adding screenshots of the examples

Author: I think this might include Sam, as I only have the info from the spec which I have put above. Wonder in the interest of time does it make sense to do this as a separate piece of work? Agree that it is very important to add this, for ease of use but may be a day or two by the time I can get time with him to get examples etc of where to use these. However, if we think it is essential to have this to merge this, I'm happy to pick that up :)

Author: Opened another ticket for this, I will see to it that we get that in asap but will merge this separate to that.

```

#### Expected Parameters:

| Parameter | Description | Expected Format | Example |
| ------------- |-------------| -----| --- |
| name | The name of the event that occured, for popups this is `popup`. | N/A | `popup` |
| type | The type of event that occured, for alerts this is `actionMenu`. | N/A | `actionMenu` |
| text | The text that is displayed on the popup. | Lowercase. Limited to 100 characters. | `change your permissions` |

### Icon Event 

> This type of event fires when a user ineracts with a button to navigate from one screen to another.

Reviewer: Should we say button here?

Author: updated :D

> This type of event fires when a user ineracts with a button (with an icon rathrer than a title) to navigate from one screen to another.

Reviewer: So minor but interacts*

Author: Need grammarly for Xcode 😅done now

| text | The text of the question that was asked in the form. | Lowercase. Limited to 100 characters. | `did you start on a computer or tablet?` |
| response | The response to the form that the user entered. | Lowercase. Limited to 100 characters. | `yes, I started on a computer or tablet` |

### Form Action Menu Event 

> This type of event fires once a users repsonse to a cta that is dismissable.

Reviewer: Not sure this sentence makes exact sense should it be:
```suggestion
This type of event fires once a user responds to a cta that is dismissable.
```
?

```swift
let event = FormActionMenuEvent(textKey: "question answer")
```

#### Expected Parameters:

| Parameter | Description | Expected Format | Example |
| ------------- |-------------| -----| --- |
| name | The name of the event that occured, for popups this is `formResponse`. | N/A | `formResponse` |
| type | The type of event that occured, for alerts this is `actionMenu`. | N/A | `actionMenu` |
| text | The text that is displayed on the popup. | Lowercase. Limited to 100 characters. | `question answer` |

### Form CTA Event 

> This type of event fires once a users response to to non dismissible CTAs i.e the camera permissions cta

Reviewer: Similarly should this be:
```suggestion
This type of event fires once a user responds to a non dismissible CTAs i.e the camera permissions CTA
```
?

| text | The text of the question that was asked in the form. | Lowercase. Limited to 100 characters. | `did you start on a computer or tablet?` |
| response | The response to the form that the user entered. | Lowercase. Limited to 100 characters. | `yes, I started on a computer or tablet` |

### Form Action Menu Event 

This type of event fires once a users repsonse to a form or question is locked in i.e. as they navigate from one page to the next.

```swift
let event = FormActionMenuEvent(textKey: "question answer")
```

#### Expected Parameters:

| Parameter | Description | Expected Format | Example |
| ------------- |-------------| -----| --- |
| name | The name of the event that occured, for popups this is `formResponse`. | N/A | `formResponse` |
| type | The type of event that occured, for alerts this is `actionMenu`. | N/A | `actionMenu` |
| text | The text that is displayed on the popup. | Lowercase. Limited to 100 characters. | `question answer` |

### Form CTA Event 

> This type of event fires once a users response to a form or question is locked in i.e. as they navigate from one page to the next.

Reviewer: This description is the same as `FormActionMenuEvent` which poses the question of how these two types are different?

Reviewer: Ah okay, is this for an actual form event whereas above is for an action sheet on a form?

Author: Its a fair question, I've asked Sam as the descriptions are the same for these 2 events 😅

Author: I have updated per Sam's description.

| Parameter | Description | Expected Format | Example |
| ------------- |-------------| -----| --- |
| name | The name of the event that occured, for popups this is `formResponse`. | N/A | `formResponse` |
| type | The type of event that occured, for alerts this is `actionMenu`. | N/A | `actionMenu` |
| text | The text that is displayed on the popup. | Lowercase. Limited to 100 characters. | `question answer` |

Example: 
![IMG_2061](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/mobile-ios-common/assets/39125995/7e90bbba-c79e-4df4-9321-260f22b3a2ed)

### Form CTA Event 

This type of event fires once a user responds to a non dismissible CTA i.e. the camera permissions CTA
```swift
let event = FormCTAEvent(textKey: "action menu key")
```

#### Expected Parameters:

| Parameter | Description | Expected Format | Example |
| ------------- |-------------| -----| --- |
| name | The name of the event that occured, for popups this is `formResponse`. | N/A | `formResponse` |
| type | The type of event that occured, for alerts this is `callToAction`. | N/A | `callToAction` |
| text | The text that is displayed on the popup. | Lowercase. Limited to 100 characters. | `action menu key` |

Example:

> ![IMG_2063](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/mobile-ios-common/assets/39125995/97fa8037-b8a8-4092-8b45-f3bbaaf5c7c2)

Author: Fixed this now, in their own folder - I will merge when the build completes :D
